---
title: Shanghai 2025.03.28
date: 2025-03-28
comments: false
tags: [Day, Shanghai]
sitemap: false
description: Daily report from Shanghai on 2025.03.28 
---

Today is a rainy day. I went to the office and worked on the project. I have so many things to do.

Today I want to start my first online english class in EF. I have a new teacher that I need to meet her for the first time. I am a little bit nervous because I don't know how to speak english. I hope I can learn more from her.

The teacher is very nice. She is very patient and she speaks very slowly. I can understand her. I am very happy to meet her online. I hope I can learn more from her in the future.

Through the class, I learned a lot of new words and phrases. I also know how to use them in the sentences. I am found myself that I can speak english more fluently than before. and I need to practice more.

# Key-points:
- I learned how to introduce myself in english.
- I learned how to ask questions in english.
- I learned how to answer questions in english.
- I learned how to use the words and phrases in the sentences.
- I learned how to use the words and phrases in the conversation.

How old are you?
What's your name? phone number? job?
Where are you from?
What do you do?
How long have you been in Shanghai?
What do you like to do in your free time?
How to plan your day?
What do you do on weekends?
When do you usually get up? sleep?
What do you usually eat for breakfast? lunch? dinner?

Number of words： two hundred and fifty-three words.
Number of characters: one thousand and four hundred and seventy-two characters.

13 in englishi is thirteen.
30 in english is thirty.
130 in english is one hundred and thirty.

Family:
- father
- mother
- brother
- sister
- uncle
- aunt
- cousin
- nephew
- daughter
- son
- grandfather
- grandmother
- husband
- wife

And now, maybe i need to continue to work on own my project. I need to finish the report for the project.
