---
title: Shanghai 2025 01 16 Sunrise 
date: 2025-01-16
tags: Shanghai, 2025, January, Sunrise
lang: en
comments: false
category: Daily Life
sitemap: false
description: Sunrise in Shanghai on January 16, 2025.
---

Today is Tuesday, January 16, 2025, and the sun rose in Shanghai at 6:53 AM. The sky was clear, and the temperature was 5°C (41°F). It was a beautiful morning, and the city was waking up to a new day.

In this Month of January, I stayed in Shanghai, and I have been enjoying the city's vibrant culture and delicious food. I like Shanghai because it's a city that never sleeps, and there's always something to do or see. From the historic Bund to the modern skyscrapers of Pudong, Shanghai is a city of contrasts that never fails to impress.

Yesterday, My wife gives me a surprise gift that my son's grades have improved, and he is doing well in school. I was so happy to hear the news and proud of my son for his hard work and dedication. It's always a joy to see your children succeed and grow, and I'm grateful for the support of my family and friends.

But i don't agree with my wife that she is buying so many snacks for my son, and he is getting fat. I think she should control his diet and give him healthy food. I will talk to her about this and make sure that my son eats a balanced diet and stays healthy. and she let my son sleep late, which is not good for his health. I will talk to her about this and make sure that my son gets enough sleep and rest.

And you should ask me why my wife is buying so many snacks for my son, and he is getting unhealthy. I think she should control his diet and give him healthy food. I will talk to her about this and make sure that my son eats a balanced diet and stays healthy. and she let my son sleep late, which is not good for his health. When i talk to her about this, she said that she is busy with her mobile phone and she doesn't have time to take care of my son. I think she should spend more time with my son and take care of him. I will talk to her about this and make sure that she spends more time with my son and takes care of him.