---
title: Shanghai 2025.03.30
date: 2025-03-30
tags: [Day, Shanghai]
description: Daily report from Shanghai on 2025.03.30
comments: false
sitemap: false
---

Today I canceled the EF lesson. I was too tired to go to the class. I went to the office of EF and asked the teacher to cancel the class. I also asked the teacher to give me a refund for the class. The teacher said that I can get a refund for the class, but I need to wait for a few days. 

Why I canceled the class? Because I was too tired to go to the class. I had a long day at work, and I didn't have enough energy to go to the class. I also had a lot of things to do at work, and I didn't want to waste my time on the class. I think it was a good decision to cancel the class. I can always take the class later when I have more energy and time.

And other I think the lesson is not very useful for me (Maybe the EF Lession price is not good for me). I think I can learn English by myself. I can watch movies, read books, and listen to music in English. I can also practice speaking English with my friends. I think this is a better way to learn English than taking a class.

Overall, I think it was a good decision to cancel the class. I can always take the class later when I have more energy and time. I can also learn English by myself. I think this is a better way to learn English than taking a class.

I will continue to practice my English by watching movies, reading books, and listening to music in English. I will also practice speaking English with my friends. I think this is a better way to learn English than taking a class.

In the afternoon, I went to the office and worked on the project. I had a lot of things to do. I need to finish the report for the project, and I need to help the new colleague to understand the project. I also need to prepare the presentation for the new project.

The new project is "ERP System". I need to invite all the team members to join the group. I invited the new colleague to join the group and other team members.