---
title: Shanghai 2024 12 15 Sunday
date: 2024-12-15
tags: Shanghai, Sunday
lang: en
comments: true
sitemap: false
description: Sunday in Shanghai, China
---

Today is Sunday, I don't want to go to work, but I have to clean my bedroom. I have a lot of clothes to wash. But i can't use washing machine, because it's use by my wife. I need to wash by hand. I don't like it. 

In my bedroom, there are a lot of clothes, some of them are dirty, some of them are clean. I need to separate them. I need to wash the dirty clothes, and put the clean clothes in the wardrobe.

In my family, I am the only one who can wash clothes by hand. My wife can't do it, she is too clean that she wash clothes only by washing machine. and wash by only herself. I don't like it. I think she is too lazy. 

Many people are lazy, they don't want to do anything. They just want to play games, watch TV, and sleep. They don't want to work, they don't want to study. They just want to enjoy their life. But I think it's not good. We need to work, we need to study. We need to make our life better. We need to make our world better. We need to make our future better. We need to make our children's future better. We need to make our grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great great great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great great great great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great great great great great great grandchildren's future better. We need to make our great great great great great great great great great grandchildren's future better. 

And now i don't know what is life and when you live in the world. I don't know what is the meaning of life. 
