---
title: Shanghai 10/7/2024 Raining
date: 2024-10-07
tags: [Weather, Shanghai, Raining, 2024]
categories: [Weather,Lifestyle]
comment: false
sitemap: false
lang: en
description: The weather in Shanghai on 10/7/2024 is raining.
---

The weather in Shanghai on 2024-10-07 is raining. I am staying at home today. And I am going to watch a movie. But the movie is boring. 

and i give my father a call. He is doing well. I am happy to hear that.

My borther will leave my father's house, because he has two kids and he needs to take care of them. and when kids grow up, they will leave their parents. That is the rule of life.

But i am worried about my father. He is old and he is living alone. I hope he can take care of himself. I hope he can live a happy life. I hope he can live a long life.

When my borther lives with my father, they are always not happy. They always have some conflicts. and I live far away from them. I can not help them. I feel sad.

I hope my father can live a happy life. I hope my borther can take care of himself. I hope my borther can take care of my father. I hope they can live a happy life.

My father is a farmer. He is a hardworking most of his life. He is a good father. When my mother died. He takes care of me and my borther. He is a good father. I love him.

My borther that is a good borther. When he was 13 years old, he finished his middle school. He went to work. He helps my father to do farm work,  and earn money to support our faimly. He is a good borther. I love him.

I hope they can live a happy life. I hope they can take care of themselves. I hope they can take care of each other. I hope they can live a long life.
