---
title: Shanghai 2024 10 08 Tue
date: 2024-10-08 00:00:00
tags: [Shanghai, China, Life]
categories: [Life]
lang: en
comments: false
sitemap: false
description: Tuesday in Shanghai, China, 2024.10.08
---

Today is Tuesday, October 8, 2024. I am in Shanghai, China. Today is workday, i have to work from 9:00 to 18:30. I have to get up at 6:40 am, and leave home at 7:00 am. I will take the subway to work, and arrive at the office at 8:30 am.

Today is the first day of the work after the National Day holiday. 

When i arrive at the office. I find that the office is very quiet. There are no one at the office. I am the first one to arrive at the office. I like work in a quiet office. I can focus on my work. I can write the code without any disturb.

But Today is difficult for me. another project staff is bad for operation. I have to help him to solve the problem. The code is not write by self. I have to read the code and find the problem that when the staff use the PAD scan the barcode the data is get the empty data from server. And now I have other project task to do. I have to all review the code and find the problem. But the staff has a bad mood. She is not happy to work with me.  I have to help her to solve the problem. I have to find the problem and fix it. I have to write the code to fix the problem. The staff is start swearing. I think she is very angry now.But i can't do anything. I don't have to quick to fix the problem. and i don't have any device to test the code.

Today i have a bad mood, and i can't tell anyone. I don't influence my work and other people. So i have to keep silent.

And now i had write four ads platform create campain code. I have to write the code to create the campain on the ads platform.

Today is a lucky day. Hope Everything is going well.