---
title: DongPing 2024-11-13
date: 2024-11-13
lang: en
description: DongPing 2024-11-13
comments: false
sitemap: false
private: true
---

Today we are talking about my lawyer, He is a very good lawyer, but he tell me that he don't want to be the truth, he is a small lawyer, he don't want to be face to face the procuratorate. Why our lawyer is so weak? I don't know. I think i should find another lawyer, but i don't know who can be my lawyer. I think i should find a good lawyer, but i don't know who is a good lawyer.

Today is my birthday, I am not happy. But i had give my farther a call, he is very happy receive my call. I am happy too. I think i should be happy, because i am a good person.

When in this case, I think i am a good person, but i don't know why the police is so bad. I think the police is a bad person, they are not a good person. Whey do we think the police is not a good person? 

First, the police call me do the illegal things in the police office, but i don't do the illegal things?

Second, When i take the bail pending trial to shanghai police office, the police tell me the bail pending trial is not legitimate, they can't sign the bail pending trial. But i think the bail pending trial is legitimate, So i don't know why the police is so bad.

Third, When i catch in the detention center, they must check myself body health, and need cost money, but they don't give me the check body health money to me. I think the police is a bad person.

Fourth, When the police catch me and investigate me, all the bad things is from the police month, and left me sign it. but the police don't want to take the responsibility. I think the police is a bad person.

Five, The police is tell me that when i don't sign or do the tuth, they will take me to the detention center. I think the police is a bad person.