---
title: Shanghai 2024-09-25 Rain
date: 2024-09-25
tags:
  - Shanghai
  - Rain
  - Sodium dehydroacetate
categories:
  - Life
comments: false
sitemap: false
lang: en
author:
  name: xxl4
---

It's raining in Shanghai today.

Today, i know a new word: "脱氢乙酸钠". in english is "Sodium dehydroacetate". It is a preservative used in cosmetics and personal care products. It is a sodium salt of dehydroacetic acid. It is used in the formulation of a wide variety of products, including bath, hair, skin, and nail care products, as well as eye and facial makeup, and sunscreens. It is also used as a preservative in food.

The European Commission has determined that Sodium Dehydroacetate is safe for use in cosmetics and personal care products at a maximum concentration of 0.6%. The safety of Sodium Dehydroacetate has been assessed by the Cosmetic Ingredient Review (CIR) Expert Panel. The CIR Expert Panel evaluated the scientific data and concluded that Sodium Dehydroacetate was safe as a cosmetic ingredient in the present practices of use and concentration.

When used in cosmetics and personal care products. Sodium Dehydroacetate functions as a preservative. Preservatives are ingredients that protect cosmetics and personal care products from deterioration caused by microorganisms. They extend the shelf life of products by inhibiting growth of bacteria, yeast, and mold.

# Sodium Dehydroacetate in Food 
Sodium Dehydroacetate is used as a preservative in food. It is used in baked goods, cheeses, confections, frostings, and toppings, gelatins, puddings, and fillings, gravies, sauces, and soups, jams and jellies, meat products, milk products, nuts and nut products, plant protein products, and soft candy. The safety of Sodium Dehydroacetate has been assessed by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA). Both agencies have reviewed the scientific data and have concluded that Sodium Dehydroacetate is safe for use in food.


# References
- [Sodium dehydroacetate - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sodium_dehydroacetate)
- [Sodium Dehydroacetate - Cosmetics Info](https://cosmeticsinfo.org/ingredient/sodium-dehydroacetate)
```
